https://codepen.io/Sarcastica/pen/QWwwdmw?editors=1000


1. What is Semantic HTML? 
tags that give meaning to the code and web page
    
    2. What is HTML used for? 
    it's used to create web pages
    
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    Attributes provide additional info about an element and are in the start tag
    
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    For the most important/largest title or header 
    As many times as you need to

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    id tags and src tags
    
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    <!DOCTYPE html>

    7. What is an id? 
    an attribute
    
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    any element
    
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    once

    10. What is a class? 
     the class attribute specifies one or more classnames for an element

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    any element
    
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?
     as many as you like
    
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    add a target="_blank" attribute to your links
    
    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
    it specifies an alternate text for an image, if the image cannot be displayed

    15. How do I reference an id?
     with #

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    <section> means that the content inside is grouped (i.e. relates to a single theme), and should appear as an entry 
    in an outline of the page. <div>, on the other hand, does not convey any meaning, aside from any found in its class, 
    lang and title attributes. 

    17. What is CSS used for? 
    for styling a web page (colors, fonts, etc.)

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    type it without any brackets or notation around it, i.e. h2 {}

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    a class can be used on multiple elements, an id can only be used once

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    .class

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    p.human
    
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    The ("parent > child") selector selects all elements that are a direct child of the specified element. 
    It would be useful when specifically targeting
    
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    div.sidebar

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    it's a keyword added to a selector that specifies a special state of the selected element/s

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-height

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    uppercase

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    border:1px dotted black;

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    surround the entire page with a body tag

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    <!-- comments --> 

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    ls -a

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
     rm file name, because it's a permanent action ... no backsies

    34. Why should I use version control? 
    it records changes to a file or set of files over time so that you can recall specific versions later

    35. How often should I commit to github?
    every 10 to 15 minutes or any time significant changes have been made

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    first fork, add TL as collab, then clone, branch, add, commit, push


Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    Generally, inline elements may contain only data and other inline elements. You can't put block elements 
    inside inline elements.
    By default, inline elements do not force a new line to begin in the document flow. Block elements, on 
    the other hand, typically cause a line break to occur (although, as usual, this can be changed using CSS).
    
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    It is taken out of the flow; thus, other elements are positioned as if it did not exist. 
    The absolutely positioned element is positioned relative to its nearest positioned ancestor 
    (i.e., the nearest ancestor that is not static )

    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width?


    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default: address, h1-h6, header
    2 elements that are display inline by default: br(break), span
    1 element that is display inline-block by default: img(image)



    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 
